2020 Amendments (#1)
Sooner-Competitive-Robotics/SCR-Resources: constitution/constitution.tex

\article{Officers \& Advisor}

\section{}
The Officers of the Organization shall be President, Vice President, Treasurer, Secretary, Social Media, and Lab Manager.

\section{}
The Voting Membership shall be defined as any member who is an active Officer, a Team Captain, or a Team Lead. SCR members may request to the Officers to become Voting Membership until the end of the academic year.

\section{}
The Officers of the Organization shall be elected by the Voting Membership.

\section{}

> Any Officer or Advisor may be removed by a two-thirds votes of the Officers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any Officer or Adviser may be removed by a two-thirds vote of the Officers.
```

\section{}

> Any Officer or Advisor may be removed by a three-fourths vote of those in attendance at an Officer Impeachment meeting. A petition with at least one-third of the Voting Membership shall result in an Officer Impeachment meeting within two weeks of when the petition is brought to the President or Vice President. The meeting time shall be voted on by the Voting Membership and the Officers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any Officer or Advisor may be removed by a three-fourths vote of those in attendance at an Officer Impeachment meeting. A petition signed by at least one-third of the Voting Membership shall result in an Officer Impeachment meeting within two weeks of when the petition is brought to the President or Vice President. The meeting time shall be decided by the Voting Membership and the Officers.
```

\section{}

> The President shall be the chief executive officer of the Organization.  The President shall preside at all meetings and direct the affairs of the Organization with the advice and consent of the other officers.  The President shall decide what competition teams may be a part of the Organization based on the Organization’s current capabilities. The President shall ensure that the goals of leadership and success are met by all. In the event that there is no current President, the remainder of the President’s term shall be filled in the following order of succession:  Vice-President, then Treasurer, then Secretary, then a qualified student of the Advisor’s choice.

Reviewer: I still hold that Secretary should be ranked above Treasurer, here and in all other places officers are listed or put in hierarchy.

> The Secretary shall maintain minutes of each meeting and shall document every election. The Secretary is responsible for maintaining a list of qualified members of the Organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Secretary shall maintain minutes of each meeting and shall document every election. The Secretary is responsible for maintaining a list of qualified members of the Organization by keeping the team roster up to date, and adding graduates' information to the alumni roster.
```

\section{}

> The Social Media shall .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Social Media officer shall be responsible for taking photos at any events and at some meetings of each team, and posting pictures and updates to any of our social media platforms. These include Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, and LinkedIn. 
```

\section{}

> The Lab Manager shall .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Lab Manager shall be responsible for restocking lab supplies such as those on the common parts list, keeping the lab clean and organized, and making large-scale end-of-year purchases with extra funds with the approval of the President.
```

Elections may only take place if at least one week’s notice of the date, time, and location of the election is given to members of the Organization.

\section{}
Voting shall be anonymous and secret.

\section{}
Voting shall be done by first-past-the-post voting but may be done by another voting system with a unanimous vote by the Officers.

\section{}
After the results of the vote, a Vote of No Confidence shall be held on the winner by the Voting Membership. A simple majority leaves the Officer position open.

\section{}
The Secretary shall document the names of the qualified members present at the election and the results of each vote.

\section{}
When an election is for more than one office, the order of voting shall be in the following order: President, then Vice-President, then Treasurer, then Secretary, then Social Media, then Lab Manager.

\section{}
Any qualified member of the Organization may run for any office.

\section{}

> A qualified member may be a candidate for more than one office, but shall immediately remove himself or herself for consideration of any other Officer position after being elected. In no instance may one person fulfill more than one Officer position. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A qualified member may be a candidate for more than one office, but shall be immediately removed from consideration of any other Officer position after being elected. In no instance may one person fulfill more than one Officer position. 
```

Reviewer: gotta make it gender neutral!

> The Organization is  subject to Local, State, and Federal Laws.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Organization is subject to Local, State, and Federal Laws.
```

\section{}
The Organization is independent of any national or

> parent organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Organization is independent of any national or parent organization.
```
